# We Are Silent

## [Donation Pledge Forms](http://cdn.freethechildren.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/FTC-Pledge-Form.pdf)
## [Online Donation Page](http://tinyurl.com/wearesilentmiller)

### What is We Are Silent?
We Are Silent is an initiative of Free The Children to ensure all voices are heard around the world. Some of those voices that are not heard include child who are bullied, denied, or exploited their rights. We must do something about this, and We Are Silent does just that. All the money that gets donated for We Are Silent goes to a good cause, like education in Ecuador. By donating to build schools in Ecuador, we are standing up for the child slaves to show them what is right and what is wrong. Helping their education is a great way to help raise awareness and stand up for these children.
### How do I participate?
You can collect donations for every hour, minute, or second you are silent on April 10th. For example, you can tell your parents about We Are Silent and you can have them donate $5 for every hour you are silent. If you are silent for three hours on April 10th, they can donate $15. The more sponsors you obtain, the more donations you will get, so start collecting pledges! You can obtain stickers to stay silent for the event next to the student store on April 10th. Donation pledge forms are located at the office, and can also be obtained above. They are due to the office by April 23rd. Free The Children can issue tax receipts for any donations over $10. You can also make donations for Miller at our [Online Donation Page](http://tinyurl.com/wearesilentmiller)

**Remember:** It is the student’s responsibility to check with their teachers if they can stay silent during April 10th.

### How do I fill out the pledge form?
The pledge form is simple to fill out; the only task you have to do is find enough sponsors. To start off, you might go to your parents and tell them what We Are Silent is. You can have them donate a certain amount of money for every hour you are silent on April 10th to stand up for the child slaves. Let’s say they are willing to donate $5 for every hour you are silent. Great! Next, you can go to your neighbor and also tell them about We Are Silent. Let’s say you get them to donate $1 for every hour you are silent. Congratulations! As you can see, the more sponsors you can get to donate, the more donations you will get. April 10th is here, and you have gotten as many sponsors as you could. Now, you can get stickers next to the student store at brunch or lunch on April 10th. Once April 10th is over, you can find how many hours you stayed silent. If you stayed silent for five hours, your parents have to donate $25 (5&#215;5=25) and your neighbor has to donate $5 (5&#215;1=5). Also, remember to tell them the money is all going to a great cause. Some of the money is going to a local charity, and the other is going for education in Ecuador. You can donate the $30 to the office by April 23rd.